			Last revised 26-Jan-21

			  Questionnaire for

		  Harvard Extension School CSCI E-92
		   Principles of Operating Systems

			     Spring 2021


Name:	James Nicholson			Home/Cellular phone number: (650) 863-2300


E-mail:	jnicholson@hsph.harvard.edu			Work phone number:


Where are you located? Los Altos, CA  What is your time zone? PST


What pronouns would you like us to use when referring to you? He/Him


If it's necessary for us to meet on-line using an app other than Zoom,
what is your Google Hangouts name and/or your Skype name?  And, which
do you prefer to use?

N/A


Occupation (If an undergraduate student, please specify your major and
year and at which school; If a graduate student, please specify your
department, field, and year and at which school).

Occupation: Sr. Web and Application Developer, Harvard Chan School of Public Health
Graduate Studies: Candidate, Software Engineering Master's Program, Harvard Extension School, year 1


Have you taken:
  CSCI E-10a (Formerly CSCI E-50a) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java I),
  CSCI E-10b (Formerly CSCI E-50b) (Introduction to Computer Science
      Using Java II),
  CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119) (Data Structures),
  CSCI E-26 (Introduction to C, Unix/Linux Programming, and Web Interfaces),
  CSCI E-28 (Formerly CSCI E-215) (Unix/Linux Systems Programming),
  CSCI E-50 (Formerly CSCI E-52) (Intensive Introduction to Computer
      Science),
  CSCI E-53 (Effective C++ for Programmers),
  CSCI E-61 (Systems Programming and Machine Organization),
  CSCI E-124 (Data Structures and Algorithms),

  or equivalents?  Please specify which?


If you have not taken CSCI E-22 (Formerly CSCI E-119) (Data Structures),
how do you meet the prerequisite?

I've been working as a developer for 4 years. Proficient with Python, Php, Javascript.
I've completed the below Extension School courses:

E-15 Web Server Frameworks with Laravel/PHP
E-20 Discrete Mathematics for Computer Science
E-80 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence with Python


Are you currently working toward a degree in a degree program?  If so,
at what institution, which program, and what degree?

Candidate, Software Engineering Master's Program, Harvard Extension School, year 1

Concurrently with taking this class, are you working full time?  Part time?

Working full time. Sr. Web and Application Developer, Harvard Chan School of Public Health.

Are you taking any other classes concurrently with this one?

E-63 Big Data Analytics

Do you have experience implementing many different data structures
from scratch?  If yes, please describe.  If not, how do you meet the
prerequisite?

In my discrete math for computer science class we learned about
a lot of the mathematical underpinnings of common data structures.
Graphs, trees, sets, etc. 


Do you have experience using Unix?  Do you have experience programming
using Posix/Linux/Unix system calls?  If yes, please describe.

For work I have to do linux programming using system calls that
automate the process of building our development environments.


Have you already ordered and/or received the NXP/Freescale K70
development modules TWR-K70F120M-KIT (which includes TWR-K70F120M,
TWR-SER, TWR-ELEV)?  Note: If the TWR-K70F120M-KIT is not available,
the individual components should be ordered.

I'm working with a former student (Chris Apple) to buy his old hardware.


What additional appropriate course or work experience do you have?

What is your math background?

Completed calculus 1 in college and discrete math (mentioned above) last year.


What computer languages do you know (please include assembler and
high-level languages)?  Have you programmed in the C Programming
Language, C++, or Java?

Python, Php, Javascript


What operating systems have you used (e.g. Windows, Mac OS, Linux,
iOS, Android, etc.)?

Linux, Windows, Mac OS, iOS

What computers have you used (i.e., which machine language instruction
sets)?

Raspberry Pi

What is your motivation for taking this course?

I want to better understand the architecture of an operating system, and
have an organized framework in which to gain experience programming in C.

Other comments:

